what's up it's Lizzie and CeCe and today
we're gonna bring out you guys a
skincare routine yo how to get legs with
skin definitely highly requested and
yeah I was really good because I asked
if you guys want to watch it and when
you read the comments even though we
don't respond to every comment when you
read them yeah and we know a lot of
people want to watch it and really like
all of them yeah so if I scroll down
yeah
and I keep reading them all so we want
to thank you guys sorry feels a little
off-topic but we want to thank you guys
for all the views on the challenges like
it's already so crazy it's obvious you
guys like our challenges and our
routines a lot of you guys more like our
challenges than more than our videos
even enjoy we even up we even enjoy our
challenges more than our beauty videos
but you guys really wanted to see this
so hopefully you guys enjoyed it helped
me watch it too and let's just get on to
this out video ok Miro I'll be right
down
hey guys on the theme I don't know why
you guys on the notebook we just wrote
tips like so we wouldn't forget Priya oh
yeah we're going to show that we're not
thinking we do all this but this is just
our tips so obviously we don't have
perfect skin but we do have I I'm gonna
say like we do have better skin than we
would if we didn't do this yeah so the
first thing you want to talk about ways
using a natural pearl s chemically
products using natural things like if
you go to makeup stores all their stuff
isn't like I don't imagine I online
stores but honestly I'd rather wear no
lotion from the 99-cent store than
wearing lotion from the 99 cents or
makeup stores I also Sephora lush um
like good quality places like you you
can tell when things have more chemicals
and they don't have I don't know it's
hard to explain but you'll see the
products that we're gonna show you guys
the natural products that we like is
definitely lush Mario Badescu and all
those vitamins product will yeah and CVS
pharmacy they have really good
see it's so annoying when you go to the
mall they try to sell you products that
are freakin $75 for a cleanser you're
like wow so pretty much what we're
saying is try to do research on what
your by and speak on the natural stuff
don't get Perotti
i don't know if i should say that yeah
[Music]
so the next thing is moving to makeup
removing Nate not your makeup don't see
with me uh-uh with makeup I don't why I
used to sleep with makeup for like a
year
yeah we're about holiday stage yeah
we're guys left my eyeliner
like I've left it on yeah I love the
mascara I don't think I slept with the
agreement I don't know but removing your
makeup is really important sometimes I
don't even do my routine faced over
routine every day sometimes I just
remove the makeup cuz honestly if you're
lazy and you don't want to like do your
whole skincare routine at least remove
your makeup don't sleep with your me
yeah so the first thing that we use is
this water base we kind of just got this
but this is literally sleep really water
base but it takes your makeup off really
well so get something that's natural
something that's oil or water yes yes I
mean that's arica today the next thing
that you can also use is a cream base
the makeup remover this is ponds and we
did a lot of research about this and a
lot of people like a lot of people have
injuries is it yeah a lot of people use
this and it's just a really good makeup
remover try to stay away from makeup
wipes and we do use makeup by sometime
tonight yeah we kind of use them all the
time but we were trying to use more of
these
yeah like less chemically stuff I know a
co-wives has a lot of chemicals because
it's on a freakin towel or paper are you
bringing up the main thing is to take
off your makeup because that is like the
main and why you get pimples and stuff
like in acne
oh my god sorry the lifestyle changing
but
one of them is a Marvin escu cleanser
like it's really well known yeah it's a
really good natural company that we were
talking about the other one is purity
you guys might have seen out like Ulta
it's actually a really good cleansing
company or company I think I see there's
a lot of oils and like essential stuff
in this like it's really good and then
also this I got for my Ipsy bag yeah if
I was good I want to include this
because I know that if see come if FC
will only bring you good quality stuff
they won't bring you something that
you're gonna find at the dollar store
you know this is really good it's just a
rant another random cleanser so pretty
much cleansing is really important
because it removes the extra makeup that
are still on your face the extra
flutings cleanse that face the next
thing is exfoliating your face
exfoliating you didn't as you can see I
use most of it but this one is like a
really crazy so good yeah it's almonds
and honey but a good company like we
said is Marvin sq and lush and it
sweetie is important because it removes
all that dead skin and it really like
deep cleans your face so if you want a
clean face they get exfoliators so the
next thing is a toners toning your face
we do have a lot of toners oh wait we
have the diesels are almost out though
yeah we have like Marvin sq again this
is like another it's lavender base oh my
god I like this it was like a growth
place when I know it's really natural
because it's lavender yeah it's like
full and lavender tea tree this is like
oh that's really this is literally just
tea tree
so pretty much tony is like really
important because it removes oil sectors
and your skin's really oily under and
like extra makeup that still hasn't came
off
yeah it really just finishes off and
cleans your maid yeah I really finishes
off the cleansing of your face just
something is really important if you
want to do what we said but yeah just
make sure you get those natural tone
so the next thing is a face mask and
this is like just an extra thing you can
do they're really good because it's like
hydrates house oily skin there's always
different types of face masks there's
ones that help your oily skin and dry
skin how your she's gonna cleanse your
skin there's so much does a lot of
things yeah and obviously you know if
it's nice to just leave it on for your
face there's different types and we have
a lot of natural ones a lush one yeah
yeah two lush ones and it's almost
another empty one right yeah but I just
like if see self it's just like natural
oh yeah also if you don't know what if
see is it just like a monthly
subscription makeup box thing and yeah I
kind of sound sponsored but it's not
it's just I love you gonna wait it is
it's just like a thing that a lot of
makeup people like to do it's an herb
one herb base it's good to put on face
my sometimes it really does help your
skin kind of like treats it and stuff
like that it really hydrates your skin
when your skin does get dry from Asda
whatever you do yeah and even if you
don't wear makeup obviously you can
still do face masks cuz they're really
like relaxing the next thing are oils
and this one is from Targa I got a while
ago it's a rose and an argan oil
let's see it has oil oil argan oil
organic rosemary extract and vitamin E
vitamins are really good for you yeah
this is a really good one you can find
it at Target pretty sure at pharmacies I
don't know how does it doesn't even
matter which type of woman you do if you
like doesn't clog pores joe dimaggio is
a little girl I used to use coconut oil
on my face until I found out that I
guess hit close your pores but don't
robot oil if you leave it on your face
you can leave it on all night it doesn't
clog your pores so oils really do help
the dryness of your skin obviously they
hydrate it and I don't know it feels
really going after you put like after
you wash your face and like scrub off
all the dead skin and obviously you can
use coconut oil on your face you can
look up like different ways to use it
but jojoba oil you can leave it on all
night it's the best oil for dryness but
naturally mean like no chemicals because
a lot of companies like to juice Bank
get the money and they just put on cheap
things but
and make sure you have a make sure you
know the company next thing is
moisturizing this is like the most
important thing it's the the finishing
hurts bees is a really good company
because I don't know it's just one of
those good natural companies that you
could really use on your face and
moisturizing is really important for his
skin because it helps up outermost layer
of your skin and it holds all the water
in your skin so it stays hydrated and it
doesn't get dries so obviously after
doing all this everybody's gonna get
imperfections and you can't cure things
like this but you could always find
remedies that'll help it kind of holiday
um possibly get rid of it but obviously
not get rid of everything but you can
try to get rid of some things
it's a marvelous new drying lotion and
things like this that you can always
find in stores and little remedies that
can possibly cure the pimples
yeah drying lotion is really good just
make sure you did good research
literally all you do is get a q-tip put
it on your pimple
let it stay on all night knowing you
wake up you just wash it off and it's
just drying lotion um
it's I don't really know what's in it of
how it like helps to pimples it's kind
of interesting I know it just dries on
your pimple I think it like drives it
out and unclogs it I don't know it's
really weird
but it does help you also if you want to
try it out I definitely go by this
experience but always you can do a
little home remedies that are really
natural because I looked it up before
and it's like lemon and something like
that but you just be careful but there
are remedies that you can make at home
instead of spending the money on that
but just make sure you do research on
whatever you're gonna put on your face
don't stress about if your skin is
messed up or get pimples or anything
like happens to your skin because I'm
honestly I was telling me yesterday how
I really don't care when people had
pimples on their face and I know that
might sound weird because some people do
think that like some people stress about
it and I just I don't really care
honestly obviously I like clear skin on
myself but on other people or myself to
be honest I really don't care
just like to take care of my skin but
just so you know things that matter
don't be insecure if you have people's
blackheads black important like stuff
like that all the time just that's what
we're trying to help you guys to prevent
it but I don't think it's ugly
um don't be insecure about it okay it's
for you yeah your breath I am yeah my
red all right kind of everything I don't
know I'm explaining here oh I get really
rundown Adam this skincare routine and
video we hope you guys enjoyed it be
sure to hit that like I book they do
like this video then go subscribe button
because it's insane how many subscribers
were a guy thank you guys no don't make
to care about your face and there's
pretty everything's beautiful
it doesn't meant that was on the inside
I don't don't care about your pimples oh
yeah but we're just trying to help you
obviously you're gonna say but you guys
do care you're trying to remove them
obviously yo leak we try to have their
skin but if you don't have clear skin it
doesn't matter like I don't even have
clear skin does Cameron Frye makes a
little bit yeah it's amazingly better I
have transitions like that it's like all
over my nose hopefully we don't look red
because it's hot I know but yeah that
was under a video we hope you enjoyed I
request more videos down below thank you
because of some challenges because we
are and a lot of you will say what's
your Instagram but we put it in our
description yeah but we'll put up our
entry on this on the screen if you guys
I don't know don't want to look at okay
and we're flutters now to here right now
okay so that was underwear video see you
guys next video bye
[Music]